and the Lord spoke to Moses make two
and the Lord spoke to Moses make two silver trumpets for yourself you shall
silver trumpets for yourself you shall
silver trumpets for yourself you shall make them of hammered work you shall use
make them of hammered work you shall use
make them of hammered work you shall use them for calling the congregation and
them for calling the congregation and
them for calling the congregation and for directing the movement of the camps
for directing the movement of the camps
for directing the movement of the camps when they blow both of them all the
when they blow both of them all the
when they blow both of them all the congregation shall gather before you at
congregation shall gather before you at
congregation shall gather before you at the door of the tabernacle of meeting
the door of the tabernacle of meeting
the door of the tabernacle of meeting but if they blow only one then the
but if they blow only one then the
but if they blow only one then the leaders their heads of the divisions of
leaders their heads of the divisions of
leaders their heads of the divisions of Israel shall gather to you when you
Israel shall gather to you when you
Israel shall gather to you when you sound the advance the camps that lie on
sound the advance the camps that lie on
sound the advance the camps that lie on the east side shall then begin their
the east side shall then begin their
the east side shall then begin their journey when you sound the advance the
journey when you sound the advance the
journey when you sound the advance the second time then the camps that lie on
second time then the camps that lie on
second time then the camps that lie on the south side shall begin their journey
the south side shall begin their journey
the south side shall begin their journey they shall sound a call for them to
they shall sound a call for them to
they shall sound a call for them to begin their journeys and when the
begin their journeys and when the
begin their journeys and when the Assembly is to be gathered together you
Assembly is to be gathered together you
Assembly is to be gathered together you shall blow but not sound the advance the
shall blow but not sound the advance the
shall blow but not sound the advance the sons of Aaron the priests shall blow the
sons of Aaron the priests shall blow the
sons of Aaron the priests shall blow the trumpets and these shall be to you as an
trumpets and these shall be to you as an
trumpets and these shall be to you as an ordinance forever throughout your
ordinance forever throughout your
ordinance forever throughout your generations when you go to war in your
generations when you go to war in your
generations when you go to war in your land against the enemy who oppresses you
land against the enemy who oppresses you
land against the enemy who oppresses you then you shall sound an alarm with the
then you shall sound an alarm with the
then you shall sound an alarm with the trumpets and you will be remembered
trumpets and you will be remembered
trumpets and you will be remembered before the Lord your God and you will be
before the Lord your God and you will be
before the Lord your God and you will be saved from your enemies also in the day
saved from your enemies also in the day
saved from your enemies also in the day of your gladness in your appointed
of your gladness in your appointed
of your gladness in your appointed feasts and at the beginning of your
feasts and at the beginning of your
feasts and at the beginning of your months you shall blow the trumpets over
months you shall blow the trumpets over
months you shall blow the trumpets over your burnt offerings and over the
your burnt offerings and over the
your burnt offerings and over the sacrifices of your peace offerings and
sacrifices of your peace offerings and
sacrifices of your peace offerings and they shall be a memorial for you before
they shall be a memorial for you before
they shall be a memorial for you before your God I am the Lord your God now it
your God I am the Lord your God now it
your God I am the Lord your God now it came to pass on the 20th day of the
came to pass on the 20th day of the
came to pass on the 20th day of the second month in the second year that the
second month in the second year that the
second month in the second year that the cloud was taken up from above the
cloud was taken up from above the
cloud was taken up from above the tabernacle of the testimony
and the children of Israel set out from
and the children of Israel set out from the wilderness of Sinai on their
the wilderness of Sinai on their
the wilderness of Sinai on their journeys then the cloud settled down in
journeys then the cloud settled down in
journeys then the cloud settled down in the wilderness of Palin so they started
the wilderness of Palin so they started
the wilderness of Palin so they started out for the first time according to the
out for the first time according to the
out for the first time according to the command of the Lord by the hand of Moses
command of the Lord by the hand of Moses
command of the Lord by the hand of Moses the standard of the camp of the children
the standard of the camp of the children
the standard of the camp of the children of Judah set out first according to
of Judah set out first according to
of Judah set out first according to their armies over their army was not the
their armies over their army was not the
their armies over their army was not the son of Aminata over the army of the
son of Aminata over the army of the
son of Aminata over the army of the tribe of the children of Asaka wasn't
tribe of the children of Asaka wasn't
tribe of the children of Asaka wasn't its am the son of zoo and over the army
its am the son of zoo and over the army
its am the son of zoo and over the army of the tribe of the children of Zebulun
of the tribe of the children of Zebulun
of the tribe of the children of Zebulun was a liar
was a liar
was a liar the son of healin then the tabernacle
the son of healin then the tabernacle
the son of healin then the tabernacle was taken down and the sons of Gershon
was taken down and the sons of Gershon
was taken down and the sons of Gershon and the sons of Merari set out carrying
and the sons of Merari set out carrying
and the sons of Merari set out carrying the tabernacle and the standard of the
the tabernacle and the standard of the
the tabernacle and the standard of the camp of Reuben set out according to
camp of Reuben set out according to
camp of Reuben set out according to their armies over their army was Eliezer
their armies over their army was Eliezer
their armies over their army was Eliezer the son of shittier over the army of the
the son of shittier over the army of the
the son of shittier over the army of the tribe of the children of Simeon Bush
tribe of the children of Simeon Bush
tribe of the children of Simeon Bush Chelonia the son of Zeus shadow and over
Chelonia the son of Zeus shadow and over
Chelonia the son of Zeus shadow and over the army of the tribal the children of
the army of the tribal the children of
the army of the tribal the children of GAD was Elias the son of duel then the
GAD was Elias the son of duel then the
GAD was Elias the son of duel then the kohathites set out carrying the holy
kohathites set out carrying the holy
kohathites set out carrying the holy things the tabernacle would be prepared
things the tabernacle would be prepared
things the tabernacle would be prepared for their arrival and the standard of
for their arrival and the standard of
for their arrival and the standard of the camp of the children of Ephraim set
the camp of the children of Ephraim set
the camp of the children of Ephraim set out according to their armies over the
out according to their armies over the
out according to their armies over the air army was Elisha the son of a mile
air army was Elisha the son of a mile
air army was Elisha the son of a mile over the army of the tribe of the
over the army of the tribe of the
over the army of the tribe of the children of Manasseh was Gamaliel the
children of Manasseh was Gamaliel the
children of Manasseh was Gamaliel the son of pedasi and over the army of the
son of pedasi and over the army of the
son of pedasi and over the army of the tribal the children of Benjamin was
tribal the children of Benjamin was
tribal the children of Benjamin was Abidin the son of Gideon I
Abidin the son of Gideon I
Abidin the son of Gideon I then the standard of the camp of the
then the standard of the camp of the
then the standard of the camp of the children of Dan the rear guard of all
children of Dan the rear guard of all
children of Dan the rear guard of all the camps set out according to their
the camps set out according to their
the camps set out according to their armies over their army was a hyzer the
armies over their army was a hyzer the
armies over their army was a hyzer the son of Emma shadow over the army of the
son of Emma shadow over the army of the
son of Emma shadow over the army of the tribe of the children of Asher was pay
tribe of the children of Asher was pay
tribe of the children of Asher was pay Keo
Keo
Keo the son of Akron and over the army of
the son of Akron and over the army of
the son of Akron and over the army of the tribe of the children of Naphtali
the tribe of the children of Naphtali
the tribe of the children of Naphtali was a Huayra the son of ena thus was the
was a Huayra the son of ena thus was the
was a Huayra the son of ena thus was the order of march of the children of Israel
order of march of the children of Israel
order of march of the children of Israel according to their armies when they
according to their armies when they
according to their armies when they began their journey now Moses said to
began their journey now Moses said to
began their journey now Moses said to hope ab the son of Reuel the Midianite
hope ab the son of Reuel the Midianite
hope ab the son of Reuel the Midianite Moses father-in-law we are setting out
Moses father-in-law we are setting out
Moses father-in-law we are setting out for the place of which the Lord said I
for the place of which the Lord said I
for the place of which the Lord said I will give it to you
come with us and we will treat you well
come with us and we will treat you well for the Lord has promised good things to
for the Lord has promised good things to
for the Lord has promised good things to Israel I will not go but I will depart
Israel I will not go but I will depart
Israel I will not go but I will depart to my own land and to my relatives
to my own land and to my relatives
to my own land and to my relatives please do not leave in as much as you
please do not leave in as much as you
please do not leave in as much as you know how we are to camp in the
know how we are to camp in the
know how we are to camp in the wilderness and you can be our eyes and
wilderness and you can be our eyes and
wilderness and you can be our eyes and the shall be if you go with us indeed it
the shall be if you go with us indeed it
the shall be if you go with us indeed it shall be whenever good the Lord will do
shall be whenever good the Lord will do
shall be whenever good the Lord will do to us
to us
to us the same we will do to you
the same we will do to you
the same we will do to you so they departed from the mountain of
so they departed from the mountain of
so they departed from the mountain of the Lord on a journey of three days and
the Lord on a journey of three days and
the Lord on a journey of three days and the Ark of the Covenant of the Lord went
the Ark of the Covenant of the Lord went
the Ark of the Covenant of the Lord went before them for the three days journey
before them for the three days journey
before them for the three days journey to search out a resting place for them
to search out a resting place for them
to search out a resting place for them and the cloud of the Lord was above them
and the cloud of the Lord was above them
and the cloud of the Lord was above them by day when they went out from the camel
by day when they went out from the camel
by day when they went out from the camel so it was whenever the ark set out that
so it was whenever the ark set out that
so it was whenever the ark set out that Moses said rise up o Lord let your
Moses said rise up o Lord let your
Moses said rise up o Lord let your enemies be scattered and let those who
enemies be scattered and let those who
enemies be scattered and let those who hate you flee before you
hate you flee before you
hate you flee before you and when it rested he said return Oh
and when it rested he said return Oh
and when it rested he said return Oh Lord to the many thousands of Israel